>> Sarah Drasner: Typographic color,
no we are not talking about color,
we just talked about color.
What do I mean by typographic color?
Typographic color is really like
the rhythm and cadence of typography and
what it really matters for
are things like body text.
So if you're creating
a large block of body text,
if you blurred your eyes a little bit for
all of these, you can kind of see what
makes up even grays and what doesn't.
Stuff that has big chunks
in the middle of it,
does not have a typographic color
that fits something like a body text
very well because it has too much
going on, too much rhythm in it.
You need something that's
a little bit more even toned.
If I go back you can see it again.
>> Sarah Drasner: So if you wanna
check out whether something has a good
typographic color for body text, you can
kinda squint your eyes a little bit.
And see if it has that
kind of even cadence.
Responsive typography.
Mike Reifmueller is a very nice
Australian person who is a friend,
and he invented this kind of formula for
responsive fluid typography.
So it's this wave that you
can work with fonts and
kind of like a formula that allows you to,
let's see, it allows you to
take texts that work well on desktop and
it just like fluidly
responsively skills down.
The good news is, you don't have
to write all of this from scratch,
you can just steal it out of his pens.
He's totally cool with that.
[LAUGH] There's actually like
a one liner you can use for this.
This is kind of like more,
this has a lot of like variables and
stuff In place but it allows you to create
really responsive fluid typography,
we actually use it on CSS tricks too.
So if you ever on CSS tricks and
you scale that window up and
down, you can see the type contract and
get bigger and smaller.
Text Lockup,
this is another CSS tricks thing.
This is kind of cool, right?
You've got all of these
different pieces of text.
Let's say you wanted to do something more
creative with the placement of text.
You could do that with different pieces
of an SVG, and then have it scale.
So, you can have it
completely locked up and
still be legible fonts and readable fonts.
Cause SVG actually has text inside SVG and
it's successful as well.
So that's pretty cool.